let's speak now to jod Ginsburg she's
the president of the committee to
protect journalists she joins us now
live from New York thank you for your
time your reaction uh to this news
that's coming through to us in the last
hour or so so that Israeli forces during
the process of raiding alifa Hospital
have severely beaten Al jazer journalist
is
Gul well first let me say that we
condemn unequivocally this assault and
arrest of Ishmael Al and uh the
Detention of his
colleagues journalists play an essential
role in a war they are the eyes and the
ears that we need to document what's
happening and with every journalist
killed with every journalist arrested
our ability to understand what's
happening in Gaza diminishes
significantly I mean you you heard there
our colleague Patti cohain in Washington
saying that America still has the
narrative that there is no evidence that
journalists have been targeted by
Israelis or the Israeli Army in Gaza I
mean what more evidence really is is
needed well it's not simply not credible
I mean we've had a number of instances
where we know journalist have been
targeted we've had several reports for
example into the killing of reuter's
reporter Isam ABD we know because the
Israelis said so that uh Hamza D
mustafaa who were killed in their car as
they were traveling were targeted by
Israel Israel claimed that they were
terrorists we've still seen no
absolutely no credible evidence this is
the worst Conflict for journalists that
the committee to protect journalists has
ever
documented and the situation is simply
getting worse I mean in this case uh
what we're hearing is that Israeli
forces destroyed uh a number of br
broadcasting vehicles of the press Crews
that were at Aliva Hospital you can't
get more blatant than that can
you it looks like a deliberate attempt
to prevent the The Assault on the
hospital being documented there is a
history of uh
Israel uh targeting media facilities for
example in previous conflicts we've seen
that and and attacking media facilities
is not acceptable attacking journalists
um preventing journalists from reporting
is not acceptable and and certainly the
deliberate targeting of journalists and
the destruction of their Communications
equipment um is a criminal
act and j i I know you're in a rush to
go but I just want to squeeze in one
more question we heard there from
Mansour Shuman he was on on on the show
in the studio he's just returned uh he's
just entered uh Doha from Gaza and he
was he basically mentioned you the
committee to protect journalists and
said more needs to be done by
International bodies like yourself to
prevent these kinds of things from
happening what do you say to
that I hear that and we have been doing
everything in our power to raise these
issues at the highest levels we have
been systematically documenting these
attacks so that we have the evidence
that we need to present to Future
investigative bodies for example we
bring this consistently to the highest
levels of government unfortunately the
way that we're seeing this war unfold is
that International organizations like
the committee to protect journalists and
others do not seem to be being listened
to by governments like the United States
who have the power to bring this to a
stop to bring this to an end so we
continue to raise our voices
consistently and loudly to encourage
International bodies International
governments to use the evidence that we
are bringing to them to help bring this
to an end okay thank you for your time
Jody Ginsburg president of the committee
to protect
journalists thank you